 84/Loomis Margaret says her son is doing crack & amp heroin and she wants him removed because he's becoming violent. #ChicagoScanner
 @frankieboyle Frankie, I just finished a week long prescription of tramadol for a kidney stone, and it was actually rather pleasant.
 @OwenBenjamin @TMobile Using music written by a heroin junkie who killed himself with images of infants is a weird move as well.
 @Thomas1774Paine Drunk or on Heroin? Drug use is bad in Indiana and they cause accidents a lot.
 Im so dizzy and tired but I dont want to sleep stupid medication it was either this or suffering in pain
 WVU researcher links fentanyl to particular form of amnesia
 @Matt_Kabel28 While you take your opioids try not to overdose this time supremacist.
 @whitewinemom69 @MarthaLuvWine69 take your vicodin and forget about your kids again barbra
 Have trouble focusing? You probably have ADHD.This causes denial.Try Methadone
 I finally know what amnesia feels like. XD and narcotics. look at the bright side
 @RainBlackKat No, you 're just too powerful. Oxy can't suffuse into your blood because there's just too much gay energy, there's no room.
 @RainBlackKat They game me tramadol after a tooth extraction but I felt like I couldn't breathe deeply while on it so I just took ibuprofen.
 Imaginary beliefs give you mental peace and relief, but so does heroin & amp drugs. That doesn't make it right. Sir Richard Dawkins
 fell in love Witt narcotics and been out my mind err since
 People who keep saying they got insomnia be bugging, eseng Codeine e fumaneha over the counter.
 My luck is halving the dosage of medication because it's giving you extreme hot flashes and then it not taking away any pain
 Codine rindin' my head ... where u were? it was Lit thou
 spent 5 days unable to eat or breath, thought I was gon na die, but least now I know how it feels to have codeine pumped into u for 120 hours
 This hydrocodone was suppose to make me sleepy. Its almost 2 in the morning and I am wide awake. #placebo
 WVU researcher links fentanyl to particular form of amnesia
 percocet got a nigga itchin @xvl_hendrix @JoseGuapo
 When I was in the hospital because my bronchitis flared up I was given Vicodin for my throat & amp chest pains.
 this morphine still got me itching in my sleep
 @nagamomkai @AndruwuS @Aaronlosre my friend is a fucking oxy fiend( idk why because that shits expensive) and her nose bleeds lots too
 Stopping the opiates prescribed for my post surgery pain management. Although mildly euphoric they make me nauseous tired and itch for more.
 Have freckles? You probably have OCD.This causes hallucinations.Try Methadone
 @heather_wilson Bless these poor guys, though. They sound exhausted already. Ooo.. Narcotics call Tag me in
 me like 4 months ago or so 40mg oxy me so duo do dig do
 @FrJohnUSA She took a tramadol is now adjusting her lips and chewing her dentures ....
 I 'm scared they might give Jack pain medication and he might overdose #ThisIsUs
 Boutta listen to Codeine Crazy and cry myself to sleep.
 I looove when girls have those dark circles that look like theyre strung out on heroin
 And the morphine they give you, ugh the come down gets you itching like a crackhead. I started crying because I was itching so bad.
 Toxicology report He died of acute Fentanyl intoxication.
 Depression level is very high ... i even told my lecturer i need medication to numb the pain away .... i rather feel numb
 side affect of my medication is apparently crippling stomach pain so good morning
 @Shrink_at_Large Prescription drug damage is real and may last years. Im suffering horribly tapering off benzos along with many others.
 So glad I dont need to take constant codeine/ paracetamols anymore because the pain in my ankle has finally reduced
 So I have the flu & amp my doc gave me that codeine.. idk how these niggas be fucked up on this daily. I feel dead lmao #codeinecrazy
 I don't get hangovers from alcohol, even cheap alcohol, but tramadol jfc, kill me now.
 So many people die of opioid ODs in this country now that average life expectancy is dropping. Gah. Americans are awful and stupid.
 Codeine is making me so drowsy, the after effects are making me ill
 Initial recommended management of #migraine is with simple analgesics such as ibuprofen and paracetamol for the #headache.
 Many medications have #constipation as a side effect such as opioids( e.g. common pain killers), diuretics, antidepressants ...
 @FOX29philly @springrunfarm1 Xanax and fentanyl? Ok so you want to die..
 Trifecta of opioids, alcohol and suicide are blamed for the drop in US life expectancy
 David is allergic to opiates. Jenelle is allergic to penicillin. And I am extremely allergic to bullsh*T #psychicproblems
 The flu can also be opiate withdrawl. There's a rash of break ins suspected to be Latin or there servants. There white servants
 Have hardening of the nipples? You probably have Histrionic Personality Disorder.This causes numbness.Try Methadone
 @meganraee1 Same dude. The hydrocodone gave Jeff stomach problems so I had to sleep on his side of the bed
 Opioid use associated with an increased risk for Invasive Pneumococcal Disease. Another covariable to take into account.
 That moment when your co-worker offers you a Percocet for a headache ... ... UMMM YEAH NO #shetryingtoTakemeOUT #NOTHANKU
 @dcexaminer The personal choice people have made to abuse opioid has cost us that much?
 i dont get why i get prescribed codeine when its useless for my cough i guess it makes me feel nice and takes the pain away
 @NyangKoSenSe codeine is just for the pain, ibuprofen or bromhexine or something similar would actually help the cough
 @OwenBenjamin @TMobile Using music written by a heroin junkie who killed himself with images of infants is a weird move as well.
 @Benjih1 Misplaced a vial of morphine today. Turns out it causes quite a commotion .... Top tip dont misplace a vial of morphine.
 @whenwhy876 i 'm loopy due to narcotic pain medication and craving meat
 @Lexim96 CBD, kratom, or if you want actual medication neurontin( gabapentin) isn't a benzo, non narcotic and helped with me anxiety
 I have an opiate stomach ache Quiet day with hubs and doge though so I will be okay, just feel awful.
 Polypharmacy can certainly contribute to constipation issues A few common classes that cause constipation TCA's, Opioids, CCB's #pharmacy
 How to deal with anxiety pop a hydrocodone, muscle relaxer, Benadryl and 1 NyQuil tablet oh ... and your useless anxiety medication too
 This is messed up but I have no other option. I 'm gon na take a hydrocodone for my back pain.I was prescribed it before.
 @realDonaldTrump my husband takes hydrocodone for his arthritis, but my son was addicted to heroin. see the difference?
 Have Depression? Yes? You suffer from NPD.This causes a catatonic state.Try Methadone
 Have recurrent procrastination? Yes? You suffer from Histrionic Personality Disorder.This causes a total eclipse of the heart.Try Methadone
 #Morphine may increase cancer recurrence, but #oxycodone and #tramadol may not. Not all #opioids are created equal.
 I 've tried many things the last 35 years to F128relieve migraines. Only oxycodone helps. Last resort for Docs not 1st.
 Looks like an extreme forehead lift and a shit ton of subsequent Botox. And, maybe about 100mg of Oxycodone ...
 Polypharmacy can certainly contribute to constipation issues A few common classes that cause constipation TCA's, Opioids, CCB's #pharmacy
 Me ugh I have a migraine Mom I have ibuprofen, Tylenol with codeine, and norcos Me can I have all 3
 The rupture of an ovarian cyst is usually self-limiting, and only requires expectant management and analgesics.
 Specific agents such as triptans or ergotamines may be used by those for whom simple analgesics are not effective against a migraine.
 Initial recommended management of #migraine is with simple analgesics such as ibuprofen and paracetamol for the #headache.
 on the plus side, the klonopin has eased my anxiety. on the bad side, i really don't care about anything and would like to nap under my desk
 Opioid abuse is the leading cause of DEATH for people under THE AGE OF 50- in The United States. Pretty sad. tass
 codeine kill my kidneys eatin up my ribs
 @CrazyRxMan But that hydrocodone is for my tooth pain and the other hydrocodone is for my fibromyalgia ... Sigh
 They gave me a Percocet for pain and my teeth have been clenched for the last 15 min.
 Have ambiguous genitalia? You probably have Toxic Shock Syndrome.This causes a total eclipse of the heart.Try Methadone
 Have an ear ache? You probably have Claustrophobia .This causes closing of the throat.Try Methadone
 Have an explosive temper? You probably have Anorexia.This causes closing of the throat.Try Methadone
 Have hardening of the nipples? You probably have PTSD.This causes a catatonic state.Try Xanax
 @TuckerCarlson I 've tried many things the last 35 years to relieve migraines. Only oxycodone helps. Last resort for Docs not 1st.
 benzos got me itchy af
 Chronic use of certain sedative-hypnotic drugs, especially the benzodiazepines, may cause irritablebowel-like symptoms.
 @johncheese I myself enjoy may sometimes cause intense vomiting '' tramadol for my neck.
 you 're the Tylenol I take when my head hurts
 I have baby fever so bad. Fuck somebody give me some Tylenol.
 @mrmjprice @jkin1990 The problem with things like naproxen and tramadol is they are anti inflammatories which can slow bone repair(
 Acquired #hypogonadism Opioid Induced Androgen Deficiency, Anabolic steroid-induced hypogonadism( ASIH), Childhood mumps
 cody ko and noel are so funny i can't breathe
 a codeine is a perforation antifertility and histopathologic
 Toothache like a mother fucker. Hydro and nyquil take the pain away back to bed night..
 @Trumpism_45 @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Meme much? You need to get off those opioids. They are making you delusional.
 I already took Tylenol huhu I hope it takes effect immediately. My headache weakens my entire body
 Geeze I had to take that hydro. My knee is aching so bad
 Have ambiguous genitalia? Yes? You suffer from Narcolepsy.This causes masturbation.Try Methadone
